outdated command for creating user (#698)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli-reference/astrocloud-dev-run.md

## Examples

```sh

> $ astrocloud dev run users create -r Admin -u username -e email@example.com -f YourFirstName -l YourLastName -p admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ astrocloud dev run users create --role Admin --username admin --email <your-email-address> --firstname <your-first-name> --lastname <your-last-name> --password admin
```

> # Run the Airflow CLI's `create_user` command in your local Airflow environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a user in your local Airflow environment using the `airflow user create` Airflow CLI command
```
